# denney
first go at it
Who I am: My name is Tommy Denney. I am an Engagement Director with the company C3 AI. I have been at C3 AI for 6.5 years and held positions in pre-sales, sales, and now in Customer Solutions. My job is to deliver executed software contracts. Typically I lead a small team of Solutions Engineers, Data Scientists, Solution Architects, and Subject Matter Experts in delivery. 
I currently support 3 projects: two with ExxonMobil in Newfoundland on the Hebron and Hibernia offshore platforms. I also lead an engagement with Baker Hughes around ESG Materiality Assessment. One project with ExxonMobil is fairly mature: it has been live since Jan. 2025. The project is to detect maintenance events on their Hebron and Hibernia platforms. We monitor 284 pieces of equipment from gas turbines, pumps, heat exchangers, well heads, motors, etc. We have 403 machine learning models configured typically using auto-encoders and virtual sensors. I do a daily standup with the support team in Bangalore every morning where we review each of the alerts.
My other project with ExxonMobil is for production optimization on the Hibernia platform. This project has been kicked off with the Exxon team. The project involves hiring resources in St. Johns to execute the project. The first delivery is due for July 2025. Project is in 2 phases: first is to deliver an accurate virtual flow meter from their 40 producing wells. Second is to use these volumes to do a full optimization of the entire top sides of the platform.
Success to me in this role are to clearly communicate to different stakeholders of progress - with internal, customer facing, and executive reports required weekly. I conduct a lot of meetings on teams which I can take transcripts of. Effective meeting summaries are also required. 
I have 3 kids - 17 male, 15 female, 1 female. My wife stephanie is the love of my life. 
